docs: create new doc for mailchimp plugin app (#340)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/plugins/mailchimp.rst

MailChimp
#########

.. vale on
This plugin can send contacts to MailChimp cilents based on Contact actions or Point Triggers.

> ## Authorize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorize
*********
```

Please can you fix the headings here, so they use the underline style rather than Markdown?

Here's the syntax to use:

```
H1 ###
H2 ***
H3 ===
H4 ---
H5 ~~~
```

The underline must be the same length as the heading, and your headings must be unique (as they are used to auto-generate links)

### Get MailChimp API key

1. Create a MailChimp account.
2. Go to *Account* / *Extras* / *API Keys* and create a new one.
3. Copy the created API Key.

### Authorize Mautic - MailChimp plugin

1.Fill in with your MailChimp's account **username** 
2. Add the **API key**
3. Click on ***Save & Close***  

## Configure the plugin

Navigate to the *Features* tab in the plugin configuration modal box. You should see this note:

> The Contact Field Mapping tab will appear after selecting a segment and will update after changing the selected segment.

> ![MailChimp Plugin configuration](plugins-mailchimp-configure.png "MailChimp Plugin configuration")

Reviewer: This bit also needs converting to the RST way of doing images: 

https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/images.html

1. Select the Segment.

>    If you don't have a segment in [MailChimp][mailchimp] created yet, go to *MailChimp dashboard* / *Segments* / *Create List* and create one.

Reviewer: This needs to be converted to using the xref linking macro.

If you need to make a link file to add an external URL, please use the command line tool 'make link'. This will generate a reference macro and a link file for you.

For internal linking check the docs on using the [:ref: role](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-ref-role) for linking within the same document, and using [:doc: to link across pages](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-doc-role).

MailChimp
#########

.. vale on
This plugin can send contacts to MailChimp cilents based on Contact actions or Point Triggers.

Authorize
*********

> ### Get MailChimp API key

Author: ```suggestion
 Get MailChimp API key
 ===========

```

1. Create a MailChimp account.
2. Go to *Account* / *Extras* / *API Keys* and create a new one.
3. Copy the created API Key.

> ### Authorize Mautic - MailChimp plugin

Author: ```suggestion
 Authorize Mautic - MailChimp plugin
===========
```

1.Fill in with your MailChimp's account **username** 
2. Add the **API key**
3. Click on ***Save & Close***  

> ## Configure the plugin

Author: ```suggestion
Configure the plugin
**********

```

Navigate to the *Features* tab in the plugin configuration modal box. You should see this note:

> The Contact Field Mapping tab will appear after selecting a segment and will update after changing the selected segment.

![MailChimp Plugin configuration](plugins-mailchimp-configure.png "MailChimp Plugin configuration")

1. Select the Segment.

   If you don't have a segment in [MailChimp][mailchimp] created yet, go to *MailChimp dashboard* / *Segments* / *Create List* and create one.

1. Save the plugin configuration
1. Open it again.

   The *Contact Field Mapping* tab should appear now.

1. Configure the [field mapping][field-mapping].

> ### Other configuration options

Author: ```suggestion
Other configuration options
===========

```

MailChimp
#########

> .. vale on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This statement requires a clear line either side of it, but we don't need to turn it on - it's on automatically - so I think we should remove it here and also for the preceding 'vale off' statement.

> This plugin can send contacts to MailChimp cilents based on Contact actions or Point Triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Plugin can send Contacts to MailChimp lists based on Contact actions or Point Triggers.
```

Vale fix

Authorize
*********

 Get MailChimp API key

>  ===========

Reviewer: This underline needs to be the full length of the heading above.

Author: Hey @RCheesley. I tried googling this information but it seems that I followed the syntax correctly according to [this chapter in Read the docs' document](https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics.html)

1. Create a MailChimp account.
2. Go to *Account* / *Extras* / *API Keys* and create a new one.
3. Copy the created API Key.
   

> .. image:: plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-1-and-2.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. image:: images/plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-1-and-2.png
```

>   :alt: Screenshot of MailChimp dashboard with arrows pointing at the Extras tab and the API Keys section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Screenshot of MailChimp dashboard with arrows pointing at the Extras tab and the API Keys section
```

Please check your indentation (ideally use something like VSCode which does this automatically) as these were not showing.

>   :align: center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :align: center
```

>   .. image:: plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-3a.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. image:: images/plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-3a.png
```

>    :alt: Screenshot of MailChimp dashboard with an arrow pointing at the Create API Key button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Screenshot of MailChimp dashboard with an arrow pointing at the Create API Key button
```

>    :align: center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :align: center
```

>    .. image:: plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-3b-and-3c.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. image:: images/plugins-mailchimp-create-api-key-3b-and-3c.png
```

Indentation was incorrect here.

>       :alt: Screenshot of the Name New API Key section with arrows pointing at the test and Generate Key button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Screenshot of the Name New API Key section with arrows pointing at the test and Generate Key button
```

Indentation was incorrect here

>       :align: center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :align: center
```

Indentation was incorrect here.

 Authorize Mautic - MailChimp plugin

> ===========

Reviewer: This underline needs to be the full length of the heading above.

1. Fill in with your MailChimp's account **username** 
2. Add the **API key**
3. Click on ***Save & Close***  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off
```

> Configure the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Plugin
```

> **********

Reviewer: This underline needs to be the same length as the heading above.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. vale on
```

> Navigate to the *Features* tab in the plugin configuration modal box. You should see this note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the *Features* tab in the Plugin configuration modal box. You should see this note:
```

> > The Contact Field Mapping tab will appear after selecting a segment and will update after changing the selected segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

.. note::
   The Contact Field Mapping tab will appear after selecting a segment and will update after changing the selected segment.
   
   .. vale on
```

.. image:: plugins-mailchimp-configure.png
   :alt: MailChimp Plugin configuration
   :align: center

1. Select the Segment.

>    If you don't have a segment in `MailChimp`_ created yet, go to *MailChimp dashboard* / *Segments* / *Create List* and create one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you don't have a Segment in MailChimp created yet, go to *MailChimp dashboard* / *Segments* / *Create List* and create one.
```

I don't think we needed this syntax here? If you're trying to link to another page or heading, for internal linking check the docs on using the [:ref: role](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-ref-role) for linking within the same document, and using [:doc: to link across pages](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-doc-role).

> 2. Save the plugin configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the Plugin configuration
```

3. Open it again.

   The *Contact Field Mapping* tab should appear now.

> 4. Configure the `field mapping`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure the `field mapping`_.

```

This needs a line break after it, but I'm not sure what you're trying to do here - if you're linking to something in the docs we use the doc: or ref: syntax:

> For internal linking check the docs on using the [:ref: role](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-ref-role) for linking within the same document, and using [:doc: to link across pages](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-doc-role).

Other configuration options

> ===========

Reviewer: This underline needs to be the same length as the heading above.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off
```

It's going to throw an error as we need to use caps, so turn it off around this heading.

> - **Push contacts to this integration**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Push Contacts to this Integration**
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. vale on

```

>    The options described below are turned on by default. If you leave them off, the plugin will not push contacts to MailChimp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mautic enables these options by default. If you leave them off, the Plugin won't push Contacts to MailChimp.
```

I don't think the spaces are needed here.

> - **Enable double opt in** - If MailChimp should send a confirmation email to the contacts added by this plugin. The contacts will have to confirm that they really want to be added to the segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable double opt in** - If MailChimp should send a confirmation Email to the Contacts added by this Plugin. The Contacts must confirm that they really want to join the Segment.
```

> - **Send welcome email** - Whether MailChimp should send the welcome email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Send welcome Email** - Whether MailChimp should send the welcome Email.
```
